This repository contains a collection of LaTeX packages.

Here is a short description of each them. More information may be found
inside each package.

# appendixnumberbeamer.sty

This package fixes the frame numbering in beamer when using an appendix
such that the slides of the appendix are not counted in the total frame
number of the main part of the document. The total frame number counter
is reset to 0 when entering the appendix. 

The standard usage is to include `\usepackage{appendixnumberbeamer}` in
the preamble and then declare the beginning of the appendix as usual
using the `\appendix` command.

This package is also available from
http://www.ctan.org/pkg/appendixnumberbeamer and is included in the
TeXLive and MiKTeX distributions

# beamerthemeJLTree.sty

Yet an other tree based theme for beamer with the outline and the
running subsection displayed on the header of the slides.

This theme is also available from
http://www.ctan.org/pkg/beamerthemejltree and is part of the TeX Live
and MiKTeX distributions. 

# beamerthemeJLBasic.sty

I wanted a beamer theme with very few decorations and a simple look and
feel. The running header only shows the tittle of the presentation and
not more.

# solexo.sty

When writing exercises or exam texts, it is convenient to write the
solution along with every question. This package is designed to place the
solutions either after each question or at the end of the document. You can
even decide to hide all the solutions.


# amsaddr

This package is designed for usage with the amsart class. This class
naturally places regular mail addresses or emails at the very end of the
document. Changing its behaviour to put the material on the first page
either as a footnote or right below the authors' names can be quite
tricky. The amsaddr package is designed to help doing so.

This package is available on CTAN and is part of the TeX Live and MiKTeX
distributions. 
